Recently, clicking on the Office icon produced nothing but a blank page. There was no explanation given and little information available online other than reinstall Office 365. Having done this reinstall the individual office apps now open online rather than in the appropriate app and automatically save to OneDrive. After an hour of unsuccessfully trying to reverse this I am considering going elsewhere for these apps. Microsoft seems to be focussing on their needs not the ordinary customers'. For decades I have bought the latest version of Windows and Word, Excel etc., they must have a team just working on how to get more money out of their customers for the least amount of effort.
What are these 365 demons?! Give a human office! This will not even open files that have already been saved on the PC
kmnbvcfghju
does not even work in offline mode  compared to Microsoft office 2007
WPS doesn't cost money, but the features are better than WPS
when I am using for example Excel suddenly sends an ad that says "repair now" and after a few moments the sheet closes, the same happens with word
Why are you coding stuff that breaks the office apps. Thanks for killing my day as nothing will update in Office Oxc0000142 Microsoft stop building to make things better you only make them worse.
I have a brand new lap top and it doesn't open.
Having everything in one place has its benefits, such as using both a home PC and a laptop or work computer elsewhere. However this is also inconvenient as when you have multiple accounts (I have 3 for work, school, and personal) this does not work well. I resorted to using google for personal stuff and that has helped keep things organized. Individual apps do not work on my PC. When I try to open words PTP or anything else it opens on browser. One drive sucks.
It is especially difficult to use
I'm checking it out
After installation, open a piece of white, what is the use
If the document cannot be opened by the secondary software, it will prompt: the directory name is garbled (the file location is garbled)Find the file by yourself and open it normally
Can't open Excel
bebeoooo
Unwanted software
I've been trying to get this app working for over an hour. To flee.
I've never seen such a bad app. To connect it took me about fifteen minutes, (3 verifications by email, 2 verifications by phone and at least twenty requests for my password, since the application logs me out every time I press next for checks that do not work). It's really very badly done.
I think it is a very complete app, because the programs synchronize with each other, facilitates editing, saving from the cloud and I can also see my latest changes in the cell.
I open the app and see only a white screen.
Normally, I never rate products. But this application is so *** that I need to get rid of it.
It´s pretty much useless. I need the desktop version of Excel, etc, yet due to this "amazing" app I am not able to get the desktop version any more. It just opens the web version of the office suite, which is useless for me. Thank you very much Microsoft!
Outlook sucks
I can't edit any text and it loads slowly.It's not good for make a document or to edit one.
seriously, the first time using it was so helpful but then the recording tabs that I badly needed are still there but something has change and I can't even do the recording because some tabs are missing pleaseeee help...
More and more pitted
This software is really**
When trying to install the application, it momentarily shows "(not responding)", but waiting a long time, it installs correctly, at least, in my case. The current appearance makes it difficult to develop documents comfortably, so the application still needs to be improved.
experience of after-sales, inefficient technical support.
This is the best Microsoft Office that I ever used in my PC. The user interface is very attractive and easy to collaborate . It provides Outlook which is very useful to deal with many emails. It is worth of every penny.
Served
good app.as well as on the phone.
Microsoft no longer generates product keys for Office installations included with purchase of a PC. But the installation asks for a product key anyway, and stops working. So you pay for a product you don't get. Absolutely never purchase Office from any location other than the Microsoft Store - not even from a reputable PC manufacturer.
won't let me save anything
I cannot open any files that are from my browser and transfer them to an excel or word account. I wish I could just have my outlook, excel and word applications downloaded separately. DONT FIX SOMETHING THAT ISN'T BROKEN.
Nobody
Installed, opened and also let you install
As the title suggests, how to remove this psoriasis?
it  is very helpful
New Store doesn't translate descriptions
I put up with a bug before, and there was another download error
ö çjk
Not easy to use, win11 forced bundled software, after uninstalling, every time you enter the game there is a pop-up prompt, annoying, helpless to come back
This app helps incredible when working on college work however the second anyone else touches it will prevent us from happening in the future.
Recommended use
I use WPS better than him, and I pay, office2022 cracked version he is not fragrant
it's a bunch of ****
Very good. Very fluid, fast. It is ok
smart software
Garbage Microsoft, a lot of bugs are not fixed, idle eggs hurt, only know to change the name, the name is worthy of the name change department
without a connection to a Microsoft account, the license cannot be confirmed for purchased version after reinstallation. wo findet man im support eine fachliche Hilfe in deutscher Sprache ??
it is a disaster the forced conversion from office prof 2016 to the new office 365. as a layman I do not manage to reach and open my e-mail accounts and the calendar under outlook in office 365.  How does an upgrade work with Outlook with the transfer of all previous settings from Office 2016 ????????where can i find professional help in German language in support???
Real dog ^^... If you write 'of' '' is typed like this, how can you really
not the program, but microsoft deserves this rating. Absolute horrible the good program is messed up by Microsoft management through arrogance, inept behaviour and pure cussedness. Sufferers are helpless consumers.
See title
It's hard to use, it doesn't work
litter
0
DO NOT OPEN IN MY COMPUTER. I BOUGHT IN OCTOBER 19  /2022THANKS Adolfo P    786 431 9229
It is worth a lot of money for someone who lives in Argentina and is very unintuitive
it  is very helpful
New Store doesn't translate descriptions
I put up with a bug before, and there was another download error
ö çjk
Not easy to use, win11 forced bundled software, after uninstalling, every time you enter the game there is a pop-up prompt, annoying, helpless to come back
This app helps incredible when working on college work however the second anyone else touches it will prevent us from happening in the future.
Recommended use
I use WPS better than him, and I pay, office2022 cracked version he is not fragrant
it's a bunch of ****
Very good. Very fluid, fast. It is ok
smart software
Garbage Microsoft, a lot of bugs are not fixed, idle eggs hurt, only know to change the name, the name is worthy of the name change department
without a connection to a Microsoft account, the license cannot be confirmed for purchased version after reinstallation. wo findet man im support eine fachliche Hilfe in deutscher Sprache ??
it is a disaster the forced conversion from office prof 2016 to the new office 365. as a layman I do not manage to reach and open my e-mail accounts and the calendar under outlook in office 365.  How does an upgrade work with Outlook with the transfer of all previous settings from Office 2016 ????????where can i find professional help in German language in support???
Real dog ^^... If you write 'of' '' is typed like this, how can you really
not the program, but microsoft deserves this rating. Absolute horrible the good program is messed up by Microsoft management through arrogance, inept behaviour and pure cussedness. Sufferers are helpless consumers.
See title
It's hard to use, it doesn't work
litter
0
DO NOT OPEN IN MY COMPUTER. I BOUGHT IN OCTOBER 19  /2022THANKS Adolfo P    786 431 9229
It is worth a lot of money for someone who lives in Argentina and is very unintuitive
nice app
The classic name of Office, which has been used for so many years, just say change it, right? 😅
Laggy, Bogs computers down and clunky.  Truly ZERO stars not even one....
Some links just send you to the browser. Some ask you to sign in a second time (why?!) Others get you stuck there with no way to go back. Just use the services on the web, it's smoother.
So much bugs and problems.
It doesn't work at all
Beautiful is different. As long as you just want to write a letter without formatting and other things everything is ok.
I CAN'T EVRN OPEN IT!!!!PLEASE MICROSOFT ( AND BILL GATES ) GET THIS ******* VIRUS OFF MY PC ( AND GET ME OUT OF THIS NIGHTMARE)
Every piece of software is very stuck
It's too bad, some files can't be opened, the opening format changes, the guidance is not clear, and nothing can be solved
About the first week of October I got the notice that my Office 365 subscription was expiring. Press renew followed all the steps included my credit card details gave me the option to download the application again and here I am 20 days later with the Office blocked. Worse they couldn't do it.
I do not see the point if the same can be done directly from the browser.
I always have problems when launching applications such as Word and I can't use them
I did a quick check and it automatically took me out. It doesn't have, administratively, anything that interests me about any Office. No Premium feature interests me, beyond retrieving basic configuration functions and saving files other than in the cloud. The NOT ONLY price of installable software is excessive, as always, and the online version is quite useful, but ONLINE, and basically the same as this one. These versions do not stop justifying the piracy of this program and channeling users to free alternatives, no matter how many failures they may have... just like Adobe.
Pon FEBRUARY PON in general cool application to me more nravitsa poverpoint pon
Not opening on a new win 11 installRequires update and that update is NOT automatic
I try so much times and I am sign in but all still fail. means office 2016 is too old I ask  and wondering. new office says free but me no believe trap advertisement says free new office programs I was try but doubt
Office is good, but now I'm trying to sign in to Word to do a job and it appears that Office needs to be updated and the message appears: "The application could not be booted properly (0xc0000142). Click OK to close the app."
It is too big and takes up way more space on the SDD than it should for what it does. Only if it was a lot faster at loading and had more modern design features included, like the FREE alternatives.
This app will not interact with my aol account
After logging in, this one has to log in
my ms office is not opening its applications
It should be free the ****, it is not enough to be already a poor university student and more above I must pay this ******
Once again, (as if there should be any doubt in our minds) Microsoft Office comes together to bring seamlessly beautiful user friendly applications that we can use no matter the circumstances or our needs. They got it covered from A to Z.
All good, some polishing needs to be done.
💖🥇 +67,3 m Incredibly Useful.
Pure disgusting people
it have to open new window in new browser, cant open local file, not simple at all
it won't let me sign in to my Microsoft 365 account.
lousy, horrible app
doesn't work
At first, it worked, but now it can't be used, and it can't be opened
Show I didn't buy ???
don,t show again
The interface is much easier to use than WPS, which is a pure **** cerebral palsy
Really speechless, after opening it is a blank surface, how to get it is not good, garbage
We sparkle
This is the web version
so far so good
Always try to get installed in my PC
The whole product line of M365 fire! waiting for the application to move to Microsoft 365
Not good
Now the computer can't edit the document
my Microsoft OFFICE WONT START UP
THIS IS TRASH
It's the worst app I've used. One Drive is not installed and if you want to download files to the computer, it takes you directly to the one drive. As soon as we deal with minutes, we lose time because of such an absurd method. Old office programs were a thousand times better.The best thanks to The Bes
This is complete app that would open the way for any student to Ace their classes, and is the best to keep track of all the work done while striving to achieve that career.The best thanks to The Best
Excel tables with VBA code no longer work in Word.
yes
Good
I can access all my office apps by using a single app
A blank
paid for office 2021, force pushes office365
im still a student who is need of this tool to create my activities and study.
If you can't find the word path, leave a path to choose yourself, and directly click no response hehe
can do a  lot  communications
Performance of MS Office product has been decreased after latest update. All the text in ms office window started to shimmer after the update.
nice
I don't plan to pay for this.
you got to pay for using it, no more free software built in with the os system, it is no fair you already paid for buying the computer and software
******** MICROSOFT
word
unable to open, blank on open
Was loving your natural male and female voices for read aloud, got and update and now they are gone. They're just gone... This thing went from gold, to a **** in a matter of one update... Please for the love of all writers, put it back the way you had it.  Stop trying to fix what's not broke.
Thanks for having you
I can not access my free trial with this appseriously frustrated with your system
good
What's the point of you doing this? Just for unification? Okay, so why can't the things in Quick Access be deleted, some of the original files have been deleted, and I can't delete the things that have expired, and I can see them as soon as I open them
The application remains frozen on a blank page. I tried to remove the software and reinstall it but nothing helps!
Чудовий Office!
The problem that the screen is white and cannot be started was fixed after updatingFew functions, but minimum can be used
Learn more with WPS, no shame, garbage is terrible, and the pictures in general word documents can be enlarged, you can't enlarge this, you can only say that garbage is terrible; Can't open more files of the same format, is it really this b bug can't be detected? Can't fix it? Also sell such expensive, garbage stuff
Microsoft continues to ignore or to acknowledge their theft.Three months attempting to recover and resolve issue, to this day has failed. Definitely,  an experience to share, these thieves will steal your enjoyment along with your money. Dirty business.
Just a laggy bad word app
It's a lousy appnor does it deserve any star
this is so wonderful.
vesyfi
Nice! really love it good for school and work I can easily access Microsoft Powerpoint,Word,Excel,Onenote etc. I rate it 5 stars :)
I installed Office Home and Student Edition 2021 on my computer, uninstalled this software, everything is working normally, I don't know what is the meaning of this software? Ask
I am a highschool student and word in very important to my academics. Office is a complete overated garbage. I am forced to use word on dadeschools which works fine and is the reason I am not failing my classes. This is a disgusting cash grab and Microsoft is ripping you off. The Word App for the MacBook is much better.
go back to previous version
After first try I just love it. Subscription based user its "MUST HAVE" app.Just idiots can`t appreciate its use.
GOOD VERY GOOD
. Finding a very difficult free Office?The whom?
very helpful
a ***** nor open this *****could open the app at least
most helpfull
unnecessary
The loss of documents is routine. I record them on onedrive and personal and i can't see them later completely
Excel and PowerPoint open the desktop app, but only the word online app opens, and since there is no setting, only word uses the shortcut ...Anyway, MS stuff is stupid because you can't make detailed settings, and honestly, if you don't have a relationship with the company, I want to make it linux, but in Japan, if it's not Windows, it will interfere with your work, so it's really annoying, and I just hope that the elimination of poorly made Windows will progress.
Documents deleted appear in the app from 3 months ago and cannot be removed.
Unruly, it doesn't work at all
Excellent and easy to download in Windows 11 Home and others.... Without a license and free of charge
Office for Windows 10 doesn't even have a trial version
As a good pragram
Had publisher and excel working in the past but now don't work, unable to troubleshoot and remains not usable.
Hello Sir, MadamI tried online, but no solutio
When I open office it  show blank page .
honestly it doesn't even run to install, I prefer older versions
Great app. No complaints.
I just tried using office Excel for the first time in a long time. Outlook schliesst nicht alle Komponenten ( zu sehen imTaskmanager)vollstaendig, damit wird bspw das Drucken von Dokumenten, bei wiedergeoeffnetem Office Outlook blockiert, bis Neustart des PC. Oder indem man Subcomponenten von Office im Taskmanager schliesst, da diese beim schliessen von Office nicht immer vollstaendig geschlossen werden
Office as an annual payment option: Outlook does not completely close all components (as can be seen in the Task Manager), so that, for example, the printing of documents, when Office Outlook is reopened, is blocked until the PC is restarted. Or by closing subcomponents of Office in Task Manager, as they are not always completely closed when Office is closed.
not working nor update...
Pros: quick access to all recent filesCons: Often opens up to a blank page; will open up online version before desktop version
What a strange manipulation
As good as tits on a chicken.
Using is no good cause my office apps can't install in this device and can't use office now, have a method to solve this problem.thanks !!
I'm awesome! All office apps in one free app at once!!! Well done!!!
Dogs don't have to
Something goes wrong all the time, and nothing works
dumb
just keep getting an error message.  It won't even open.  I even tried reinstalling it.  Nothing
it is not working properly in win11
My computer system had its update and now my purchased Windows subscription has blocked me. I know I paid because Microsoft emailed me my reminder receipt. It asks me to Sign In, the screen jumps but nothing happens. I need help.
It's a web GUI
After trying for hours to open word separately (because the word app on office doesn't have most of the options I need) I can confidentially say that this is the worst version of any app Microsoft has put out.
Great
Frequent jams, needs  urgent update
I bought Microsoft 365 personal with an account with the "authorization" to be able to buy this software and then to be able to give Microsoft 365 to my personal account not having the "authorization" to download it. Result: I paid 70euro for nothing. All because we understand nothing.
